[Workers] Rust tutorial revision (#2309)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/tutorials/hello-world-rust/index.md

# Hello World in Rust

In this tutorial, you will learn how to generate, build, preview, configure, and publish

> a Rust-generated WebAssembly serverless function that parses Markdown for Cloudflare Workers.

Reviewer: I'd keep this line at the end of the previous one, without any line break.

<TutorialsBeforeYouStart/>

## Generate

Cloudflare's command-line tool for managing Workers projects, [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), supports various templates — pre-built collections of code that make it easy to get started writing Workers. You will use the [rustwasm-worker template](https://github.com/cloudflare/rustwasm-worker-template/) to start building your project.

In the command line, generate your Workers project by passing in a project name and the template URL to base your project on:

```sh
~ $ wrangler generate rustwasm-markdown-parser https://github.com/cloudflare/rustwasm-worker-template/
```

> This creates a directory called `rustwasm-markdown-parser` which you can now `cd` into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a directory called `rustwasm-markdown-parser` which you can now `cd` into.
```

Wrangler templates are Git repositories. If you want to create your own templates, or use one from the [Template Gallery](/examples), there is a variety of options to help you get started.

## Workers Playground

> You can test how your Workers function will execute when it is deployed by using the `dev` command:

Author: ```suggestion
You can test how your Workers function will execute when it is deployed by using the [`dev` command](/cli-wrangler/commands#dev):
```

```sh

> rustwasm-markdown-parser $ wrangler dev

Author: @jkup is this the new correct command?

```

> Using the `dev` command will open a browser tab with your Cloudflare Workers function loaded.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the `dev` command will establish a connection between localhost and an edge server that operates your Worker in development.
```

## Building

Begin building your project by pulling in a dependency from the `crates.io` ecosystem called `pulldown-cmark`.

> Add this to your `Cargo.toml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following content to your `Cargo.toml` file:
```

<TutorialsBeforeYouStart/>

## Generate

Cloudflare's command-line tool for managing Workers projects, [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), supports various templates — pre-built collections of code that make it easy to get started writing Workers. You will use the [rustwasm-worker template](https://github.com/cloudflare/rustwasm-worker-template/) to start building your project.

In the command line, generate your Workers project by passing in a project name and the template URL to base your project on:

```sh
~ $ wrangler generate rustwasm-markdown-parser https://github.com/cloudflare/rustwasm-worker-template/
```

This creates a directory called `rustwasm-markdown-parser` which you can now `cd` into.

Wrangler templates are Git repositories. If you want to create your own templates, or use one from the [Template Gallery](/examples), there is a variety of options to help you get started.

## Workers Playground

You can test how your Workers function will look when it is deployed by using the `preview` command:

```sh
rustwasm-markdown-parser $ wrangler preview --watch
```

> Using the `preview` command will open a browser tab with your Cloudflare Workers function loaded in the Cloudflare preview UI.

Author: @lukeed is there something else here that can replace 'Cloudflare preview UI'? I don't like this wording bc it edges too close to a dashboard feature-like wording. Isn't this just a rendered preview on a browser?

Reviewer 2: I can't think of a better phrase, but I think all `wrangler preview` instances are now supposed to be `wrangler dev`? /cc @jkup to confirm

Reviewer 3: Yes that's correct! I must have missed this one. FWIW I still used the phrase "preview" in some places but just replaced the command with `dev`

Author: @jkup so are we saying that `preview` needs to be replaced with `dev`? If so, I'm going to change to this:

```suggestion
Using the `dev` command will open a browser tab with your Cloudflare Workers function loaded for you to preview.
```

Author: and also @jkup , should every `preview` in this tutorial be changed to `dev`?

> The `--watch` flag for `dev` tells Wrangler to watch your Worker project for changes and update the preview tab live with the latest URL. Leave Wrangler running in `--watch` mode for now as you continue the tutorial.

Author: section needs update

Reviewer 3: @deadlypants1973 sorry for the delay on this! `wrangler dev` is always in watch mode so we can just remove this paragraph!

pulldown-cmark = "0.4.0"
```

Use the code in the `string-to-string` example from the `pulldown-cmark` GitHub repository. Change

> your `src/lib.rs` to look like this:

Reviewer: This content could appear in the previous line (without a line break).

    let mut html_output: String = String::with_capacity(markdown_input.len() * 3 / 2);
    html::push_html(&mut html_output, parser);

    // Check that the output is what you expected.
    let expected_html: &str = "<p>Hello world, this is a <del>complicated</del> <em>very simple</em> example.</p>\n";
    assert_eq!(expected_html, &html_output);

    format!("\nHTML output:\n{}", &html_output)
}
```

> Update your `worker/worker.js` to use the new code you have written:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your `worker/worker.js` to use the new code:
```

    let mut html_output: String = String::with_capacity(markdown_input.len() * 3 / 2);
    html::push_html(&mut html_output, parser);

    // Check that the output is what you expected.
    let expected_html: &str = "<p>Hello world, this is a <del>complicated</del> <em>very simple</em> example.</p>\n";
    assert_eq!(expected_html, &html_output);

    format!("\nHTML output:\n{}", &html_output)
}
```

> Ugit pdate your `worker/worker.js` to use the new code you have written:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update your `worker/worker.js` to use the new code you have written:
```
